.. -*- encoding: utf-8 -*-

.. meta::
   :PG.Id: 45433
   :PG.Title: \S. \W. Partridge Catalogue of Popular Illustrated Books, 1904
   :PG.Released: 2014-04-18
   :PG.Rights: Public Domain
   :PG.Producer: Al Haines
   :DC.Creator: \S. \W. Partridge
   :DC.Title: \S. \W. Partridge Catalogue of Popular Illustrated Books, 1904
   :DC.Language: en
   :DC.Created: 1904
   :coverpage: images/img-cover.jpg

============================================================
S. W. PARTRIDGE CATALOGUE OF POPULAR ILLUSTRATED BOOKS, 1904
============================================================

.. clearpage::

.. pgheader::

.. container:: titlepage center white-space-pre-line

   .. vspace:: 4

   .. class:: x-large

      \S. \W. PARTRIDGE & CO.
      CATALOGUE
      OF
      Popular
      Illustrated
      Books

   .. class:: medium

      Classified according
      to Prices.

   .. vspace:: 2

   .. class:: medium

      New Books and New Editions
      are marked with an Asterisk.

   .. vspace:: 3

   .. class:: medium

      Published by
      \S. \W. PARTRIDGE & CO.,
      8 & 9, PATERNOSTER Row, LONDON, E.C.
      1904

   .. vspace:: 4

.. class:: center large bold

   *10s.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center

   By FERRAR FENTON.

.. vspace:: 1

The Complete Bible in Modern English. Incorporating
the five volumes recently issued. Cloth extra, gilt top. Net.
(For list of separate volumes, see page 7).

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: center large bold

   *7s.*

.. vspace:: 1

The Holy Land in Geography and History. By
Townsend McCoun, M.A. With 154 Coloured Maps and Plans.
Two volumes (not sold separately). Crown 8vo. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: center large bold

   *5s. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center

By GEO. MANVILLE FENN.

.. vspace:: 1

\*To Win or to Die. By George Manville Fenn. Large Crown
8vo. Illustrated. Cloth boards, gilt edges.

.. vspace:: 1

Sappers and Miners; or, The Flood Beneath the Sea.
By G. Manville Fenn. Large Crown 8vo. Illustrated. Cloth
boards, gilt edges.

.. vspace:: 1

In the Mahdi's Grasp. By G. Manville Fenn. Illustrated
by Lancelot Speed. Large Crown 8vo. Cloth boards, gilt edges.

.. vspace:: 1

In Honour's Cause: A Tale of the Days of George the
First. By G. Manville Fenn. Illustrated by Lancelot Speed.
Large Crown 8vo. Cloth boards, gilt edges.

.. vspace:: 1

Steve Young; or, The Voyage of the "Hvalross" to the
Icy Seas. By G. Manville Fenn. Large Crown 8vo. Illustrated.
Cloth boards, gilt edges.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: center

By ROBERT LEIGHTON.

.. vspace:: 1

Cap'n Nat's Treasure: A Tale of Old Liverpool. By
Robert Leighton, Author of "The Pilots of Pomona," etc. Eight
Illustrations. Large Crown 8vo. Cloth.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: center

By G. A. HENTY.

.. vspace:: 1

Cuthbert Hartington: A Tale of Two Sieges of Paris.
By Geo. A. Henty. Large Crown 8vo. Six Illustrations. Cloth
boards, gilt edges.

.. vspace:: 2

The Scarlet Judges. By Eliza F. Pollard, Author of "A
Hero King: A Romance of the Days of Alfred the Great," etc.
Illustrated. Large Crown 8vo. Bevelled boards, gilt edges.

.. vspace:: 1

The Two Protectors: Oliver and Richard Cromwell. By
Sir Richard Tangye, K.B. With extracts from unpublished
manuscripts and reproductions of original portraits in the collection
of the Author. Demy 8vo. 300 pages. Cloth boards, gilt top.
38 Illustrations on Art Paper.

.. vspace:: 1

The Two Babylons; or, The Papal Worship proved to be
the Worship of Nimrod and his Wife. With 61 Illustrations from
Nineveh, Babylon, Egypt, Pompeii, etc. By the late Alexander
Hislop. Demy 8vo. Cloth extra.

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: center large bold

   *3s. 6d. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center

By SILAS K. HOCKING.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Smoking Flax. By Silas K. Hocking, Author of "In Spite of
Fate," etc. Large Crown 8vo. Twelve Illustrations. Cloth,
gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Old Wenyon's Will. By John Ackworth, Author of "Clogshop
Chronicles," etc. Large Crown 8vo. Twelve Illustrations.
344 pages. Cloth, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

More than Money. By A. St. John Adcock, Author of
"In the Image of God," etc. Twelve Illustrations. Large Crown
8vo. Cloth, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

Those Berkeley Girls. By Lillias Campbell Davidson,
Author of "Into a Far Country." Twenty-four Illustrations.
Large Crown 8vo. Cloth boards, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

The Awakening of Helena Thorpe. By E. Rentoul Esler,
Author of "A Maid of the Manse," "The Wardlaws," etc. Large
Crown 8vo. Eight Illustrations. Cloth boards, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

The Parting of the Ways. By J. L. Hornibrook, Author
of "In the Bonds of Silence." Twelve Illustrations. Large Crown
8vo. Cloth boards, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

A Lion of Wessex; or, How Saxon fought Dane. By
Tom Bevan, Author of "Dick Dale, the Colonial Scout." Large
Crown 8vo. Eight Illustrations. Cloth boards, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

Among Hills and Valleys in Western China. By
Hannah Davies. Demy 8vo. 326 pages. Fifty Illustrations from
photos, and Large Map.

.. vspace:: 1

Jungle and Stream; or, The Adventures of Two Boys in
Siam. By G. Manville Fenn, Author of "Cormorant Crag," etc.
Large Crown 8vo. Illustrated. Cloth boards, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

A Hero King: A Romance of the Days of Alfred the Great.
By Eliza F. Pollard, Author of "A Gentleman of England," "The
White Dove of Amritzir," etc. Frontispiece. Gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

The Three-Cornered House. By the Author of "Everybody's
Friend." Illustrated. Large Crown 8vo. Cloth extra,
gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

Casque and Cowl: A Tale of the French Reformation. By
F. M. Cotton Walker, Author of "The Lily and the Rose," etc.
364 pages. Four Illustrations. Large Crown 8vo. Cloth boards,
gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

A Boy of the First Empire. By Elbridge S. Brooks.
332 pages. Six Illustrations. Large Crown 8vo. Cloth boards,
gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

Dick Dale; The Colonial Scout. A Story of the Transvaal
War of 1899-1900. By Tom Bevan, Author of "White Ivory and
Black," etc. Large Crown 8vo. 332 pages. Illustrated. Cloth
extra, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

A Lady of High Degree. By Jennie Chappell, Author of
"Her Saddest Blessing," etc. Large Crown 8vo. Illustrated.
Cloth extra, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

A Gentleman of England. A Story of the Time of Sir
Philip Sidney. By Eliza F. Pollard. Author of "The White Dove
of Amritzir," "Roger the Ranger," etc. Large Crown 8vo. Cloth
extra, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

Pilgrims of the Night. By Sarah Doudney. Frontispiece.
Large Crown 8vo. Cloth extra, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

The Story of the Bible. Arranged in Simple Style for
Young People. One Hundred Illustrations. Demy 8vo. Cloth
extra, 3s. 6d. Gilt edges, bevelled boards, 4s. 6d.

.. vspace:: 1

Six Stories by "Pansy." Imperial 8vo. 390 pages.
Fully Illustrated and Well-Bound in Cloth, with attractive
Coloured Design on Cover, and Six Complete Stories in each Vol.
3s. 6d. each.

.. vspace:: 1

Through Fire and Storm: Stories of Adventure and Peril.
By G. A. Henty, G. Manville Fenn, and John A. Higginson.
Crown 8vo. 320 pages. Frontispiece. Cloth extra, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

The Skeleton Reef: A Sea Story. By Hugh St. Leger.
Large Crown 8vo. Frontispiece. Cloth extra, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

The Pilgrim's Progress. By John Bunyan. Illustrated
with 55 full-page and other Engravings, drawn by Frederick
Barnard, J. D. Linton, W. Small, and engraved by Dalziel
Brothers. Crown 4to. Cloth extra, 3s. 6d. Gilt edges, 5s.

.. vspace:: 1

The Scuttling of the "Kingfisher." By Alfred E. Knight.
Frontispiece. Large Crown 8vo. Cloth extra, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

The Missing Million: A Tale of Adventure in Search of a
Million Pounds. By E. Harcourt Burrage. Frontispiece. Large
Crown 8vo. Cloth extra, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

Come, Break your Fast: Daily Meditations for a Year.
By Rev. Mark Guy Pearse. 544 pages. Large Crown 8vo.
Cloth extra.

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: center large bold

   *2s. 6d. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: bold

NEW SERIES OF BOOKS FOR GIRLS.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small white-space-pre-line

*By Popular Authors. Large Crown 8vo. 332 pages, 6 illustrations.
Handsomely bound in Cloth boards.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*A Girl's Battle. By Lillias Campbell Davidson.

.. vspace:: 1

\*A Girl in a Thousand. By Edith Kenyon.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Agnes Dewsbury. By Laura A. Barter-Snow.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Monica's Choice. By Flora E. Berry.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

"RED MOUNTAIN" SERIES.

.. vspace:: 1

\*True Grit: A Story of Adventure in West Africa. By
Harold Bindloss. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

\*The Yellow Shield; or, A Captive in the Zulu Camp.
By William Johnston. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

The Firebrands of the Caspian: The Story of a Bold
Enterprise. By F. M. Holmes. Illustrated.

.. vspace:: 1

A Desert Scout: A Tale of Arabi's Revolt. By Wm.
Johnston. Illustrated.

.. vspace:: 1

Cormorant Crag: A Tale of the Smuggling Days. By
G. Manville Fenn. Eight Illustrations by W. Rainey, R.I.

.. vspace:: 1

One of the Tenth: A Tale of the Royal Hussars. By
William Johnston. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Gold or Dross? By John W. Kneeshaw, Author of
"Norcliffe Court," etc. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Lost in the Slave Land; or, The Mystery of the Sacred
Lamp Rock. By W. M. Graydon. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Ice-Bound; or, The Anticosti Crusoes. By Edward Roper,
F.R.G.S. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

On Winding Waters: A Tale of Adventure and Peril.
By William Murray Graydon. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Under the Sirdar's Flag. By William Johnston, Author
of "Tom Graham, V.C.," etc. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Dorothy: The Coombehurst Nightingale. By E. M.
Alford, Author of "Honor," etc. Frontispiece.

.. vspace:: 1

The Boy from Cuba: A School Story. By Walter Rhoades,
Author of "Two Scapegraces," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

The Fighting Lads of Devon; or, In the Days of the
Armada. By Wm. Murray Graydon.

.. vspace:: 1

A Trip to Many Lands. By W. J. Forster. Illustrated
with 26 full-page pictures. 4to. Cloth gilt.

.. vspace:: 1

The Adventures of Mark Paton. By Charles J. Mansford,
Author of "Shafts from an Eastern Quiver," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

The Adventures of Don Lavington. By G. Manville Fenn.

.. vspace:: 1

By Sea-Shore, Wood, and Moorland: Peeps at Nature.
By Edward Step, Author of "Plant Life," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

The Crystal Hunters: A Boy's Adventures in the Higher
Alps. By G. Manville Fenn.

.. vspace:: 1

The Eagle Cliff: A Tale of the Western Isles.
By R. M. Ballantyne, Author of "Fighting the Flames," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

England's Navy: Stories of its Ships and its Services.
With a Glance at Some Navies of the Ancient World. By F. M.
Holmes, Author of "Great Works by Great Men," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

First in the Field: A Story of New South Wales. By G.
Manville Fenn. 416 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

The Grand Chaco. By the same Author. 416 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

Great Works by Great Men: The Story of Famous
Engineers and their Triumphs. By F. M. Holmes.

.. vspace:: 1

The Lady of the Forest. By L. T. Meade, Author of
"Scamp and I," "Sweet Nancy," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Loyal: A Story of the Mercantile Marine. By Arthur Collard.

.. vspace:: 1

Norcliffe Court. By John W. Kneeshaw, Author of "A
Black Shadow," "From Dusk to Dawn," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Roger the Ranger: A Story of Border Life among the
Indians. By Eliza F. Pollard, Author of "Not Wanted," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

The Red Mountain of Alaska. By Willis Boyd Allen,
Author of "Pine Cones," "The Northern Cross," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

True unto Death: A Story of Russian Life and the Crimean
War. By Eliza F. Pollard, Author of "Roger the Ranger."

.. vspace:: 1

The Two Henriettas. By Emma Marshall, Author of
"Eaglehurst Towers," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Yashti Savage: The Story of a Gipsy Girl. By Sarah
Tytler.

.. vspace:: 1

The White Dove of Amritzir: A Romance of Anglo-Indian
Life. By Eliza F. Pollard.

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: bold

POPULAR WORKS BY MISS CHARLOTTE MURRAY.

.. vspace:: 1

\*From School to Castle. By Charlotte Murray. Illustrated.
Large Crown 8vo. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Coral: A Sea Waif and her Friends. 268 pages. Six
Illustrations. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Stuart's Choice; or, Castleton's "Prep." Crown 8vo. 288
pages. Six Illustrations. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Muriel Malone; or, From Door to Door. Illustrated.
Crown 8vo. 272 pages. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Through Grey to Gold. Crown 8vo. 280 pages. Six
Illustrations. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Wardlaugh; or, Workers Together. (See under Home
Library. 2s.)

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: bold white-space-pre-line

FERRAR FENTON'S TRANSLATIONS OF THE HOLY SCRIPTURES
IN MODERN ENGLISH. 2s. 6d. each Net.

.. vspace:: 1

Vol. I.--The Five Books of Moses.

.. vspace:: 1

Vol. II.--The History of Israel.

.. vspace:: 1

Vol. III.--The Books of the Prophets.

.. vspace:: 1

Vol. IV.--The Psalms, Solomon, and Sacred Writers.

.. vspace:: 1

Vol. V.--The New Testament.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Stories of Self-Help: Recent and Living Examples of Men
Risen from the Ranks. By John Alexander, Author of "The
Two Stephensons." Well Illustrated.

.. vspace:: 1

A Young Man's Mind. By J. A. Hammerton, Author of "J.
M. Barrie and His Books," etc. Crown 8vo. Cloth extra, gilt top.

.. vspace:: 1

The Romance of The Bible. The Marvellous History
of the British and Foreign Bible Society. By Charles F. Bateman,
Author of "Dr. Clifford," etc. Crown 8vo. Cloth.

.. vspace:: 1

Crown and Empire: A Popular Account of the Lives,
Public and Domestic, of Edward VII. and Queen Alexandra.
With Notes on some Memorable Coronations. By Alfred E.
Knight, Author of "Victoria: Her Life and Reign," etc. Large
Crown 8vo. 336 pages. Bound in handsome cloth boards, and
containing 28 Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

My Dogs in the Northland. By Egerton R. Young,
Author of "By Canoe and Dog Train," etc. 288 pages. Many
Illustrations. Crown 8vo. Cloth.

.. vspace:: 1

From Stage to Cross: The Record of a Rolling Stone.
By F. C. Vernon-Harcourt. Crown 8vo. 320 pages. Illustrated.
2s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

Our Rulers: From William the Conqueror to Edward VII.
By J. Alexander. Foolscap 4to. Cloth gilt. Sixty beautiful
Illustrations. Attractively bound.

.. vspace:: 1

The Great Siberian Railway: What I saw on my Journey.
By Dr. F. E. Clark. Crown 8vo. 213 pages. Sixty-five First-class
Illustrations on art paper, and a Map. Handsomely bound.

.. vspace:: 1

Chaplains at the Front. By One of Them. Incidents in
the Life of a Chaplain during the Boer War, 1899-1900. By
Owen Spencer Watkins, Acting Wesleyan Chaplain to His
Majesty's Forces. With 44 excellent Illustrations, printed on
art paper, from photographs, etc., taken on the field, and 3 Maps.
Crown 8vo. 334 pages. Handsomely bound.

.. vspace:: 1

Lord Roberts of Kandahar, V.C.: The Life-Story of a
Great Soldier. By Walter Jerrold. Crown 8vo. Eight Illustrations.
Handsomely bound in cloth boards. 2s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

Sir Redvers H. Buller, V.C.: The Story of His Life and
Campaigns. By Walter Jerrold. Crown 8vo. 218 pages. With
8 Illustrations, 2s. 6d. net.

.. vspace:: 1

Following Jesus: A Bible Picture Book for the Young.
Size 13-1/2 by 10 inches. Contains 12 beautifully coloured Old and
New Testament Scenes, with appropriate letterpress by D.J.D.

.. vspace:: 1

Brought to Jesus: A Bible Picture Book for Little Readers.
Containing 12 New Testament Scenes, printed in colours. Size
13-1/2 by 10 inches. Handsome coloured boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Bible Pictures and Stories: Old and New Testament. In
one Volume. Bound in handsome cloth, with 89 full-page
Illustrations by Eminent Artists.

.. vspace:: 1

Light for Little Footsteps; or, Bible Stories Illustrated.
With beautiful coloured Cover and Frontispiece. Full of Pictures.
Size 13-1/2 by 10 inches.

.. vspace:: 1

Potters: their Arts and Crafts. Historical, Biographical,
and Descriptive. By John C. Sparks and Walter Gandy. Crown
8vo. Copiously Illustrated. Cloth extra, 2s. 6d.; art linen, gilt
edges, 3s. 6d.

.. vspace:: 1

The Story of Jesus. For Little Children. By Mrs. G.
E. Morton. Many Illustrations. Imperial 16mo.

.. vspace:: 1

The Spiritual Grasp of the Epistles; or, An Epistle
a-Sunday. By Rev. Charles A. Fox. Cloth Boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Upward and Onward. A Thought Book for the Threshold
of Active Life. By S. W. Partridge. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Victoria: Her Life and Reign. By Alfred E. Knight.
New edition, brought up to date. Crown 8vo. 384 pages. Cloth
extra, 2s. 6d.; fancy cloth, gilt edges, 3s. 6d.

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: center large bold

   *2s. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: bold

THE HOME LIBRARY

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small white-space-pre-line

*Crown 8vo. 320 pages. Handsome Cloth Covers. 
Artistically Illustrated.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Crag Island; or The Mystery of Val Stanlock. By W.
Murray Graydon, Author of "The Fighting Lads of Devon," etc.
Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Wild Bryonie. By Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Edwin, the Boy Outlaw; or, the Dawn of Freedom in
England. A Story of the Days of Robin Hood. By J. Frederick
Hodgetts, Author of "Older England," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Manco, the Peruvian Chief. By W. H. G. Kingston.
New Edition. Illustrated by Lancelot Speed.

.. vspace:: 1

Neta Lyall. By Flora E. Berry, Author of "In Small
Corners," etc. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Robert Aske: A Story of the Reformation. By E. F.
Pollard. Eight Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

John Burleigh's Sacrifice. By Mrs. Chas. Garnett.
Nineteen Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

The Lion City of Africa. By Willis Boyd Allen.
Sixteen Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Aveline's Inheritance. By Jennie Chappell, Author of
"A Lady of High Degree." etc. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Around the Fire: Yule-tide Stories. By M. S. Haycraft.

.. vspace:: 1

Ben-Hur. By L. Wallace.

.. vspace:: 1

The Better Part. By Annie S. Swan.

.. vspace:: 1

A Child of Genius. By Lily Watson.

.. vspace:: 1

Cousin Mary. By Mrs. Oliphant. Author of "Katie
Stewart."

.. vspace:: 1

Dorothy's Training; or, Wild-flower or Weed?
By Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

Fortune's Wheel. A South African Story. By Eliza F.
Pollard.

.. vspace:: 1

Grace Ashleigh; or, His Ways are Best. By Mary D. R.
Boyd.

.. vspace:: 1

Honor: A Nineteenth-Century Heroine. By E. M. Alford.

.. vspace:: 1

Her Saddest Blessing. By Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

The Inca's Ransom: A Story of the Conquest of Peru.
By Albert Lee, Author of "The Black Disc," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

John: A Tale of the Messiah. By K. Pearson Woods.

.. vspace:: 1

Jacques Hamon; or, Sir Philip's Private Messenger. By
Mary E. Ropes.

.. vspace:: 1

Leaders into Unknown Lands: Being Chapters of recent
Travel. By A. Montefiore-Brice, F.G.S., F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 1

Lights and Shadows of Forster Square. By Rev. E. H.
Sugden, M.A.

.. vspace:: 1

Living it Down. By Laura M. Lane.

.. vspace:: 1

The Last Earl Grahame. By Rev. J. M. Dryerre, LL.B.,
F.R.G.S., Author of "Heroes and Heroines of the Scottish
Covenanters." Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

More Precious than Gold. By Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

The Martyr of Kolin: A Story of the Bohemian
Persecution. By H. O. Ward.

.. vspace:: 1

Morning Dew-Drops: A Temperance Text Book. By
Clara Lucas Balfour.

.. vspace:: 1

Mark Desborough's Vow. By Annie S. Swan.

.. vspace:: 1

Mick Tracy, the Irish Scripture Reader. By the Author of
"Tim Doolan, the Irish Emigrant."

.. vspace:: 1

Norman's Nugget. By J. Macdonald Oxley, B.A. Author
of "Archie Mackenzie," etc. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

A Puritan Wooing: A Tale of the Great Awakening in
New England. By Frank Samuel Child.

.. vspace:: 1

Petrel Darcy; or, In Honour Bound. By T. Corrie.

.. vspace:: 1

A Polar Eden; or, The Goal of the "Dauntless." By
Charles R. Kenyon, Author of "The Young Ranchman," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

The Strait Gate. By Annie S. Swan.

.. vspace:: 1

The Spanish Maiden: A Story of Brazil. By Emma E.
Hornibrook.

.. vspace:: 1

The Tramp Ship's Fate: The Story of a Secret
Commission. By F. M. Holmes. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

A Village Story. By Mrs. G. E. Morton, Author of "The
Story of Jesus," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Wardlaugh; or, Workers Together. By Charlotte Murray.

.. vspace:: 1

The Wreck of the "Providence." By Eliza F. Pollard.

.. vspace:: 1

Alfred the Great: The Father of the English. By Jesse
Page. Crown 8vo. 288 pages. Eight Illustrations. Cloth extra.

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: bold

LIBRARY OF STANDARD WORKS BY FAMOUS AUTHORS.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Crown 8vo. Bound in handsome cloth boards.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Melbourne House. By Susan Warner, Author of "The
Wide, Wide World." 452 pages. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

\*The Lamplighter. By Miss Cummins. 444 pages. Six
Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Grimm's Fairy Tales. Carefully chosen from the Tales
collected by the Brothers Grimm. Twelve Illustrations. 344 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

\*The Swiss Family Robinson: Adventures on a Desert
Island. Twelve Illustrations. 400 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

Tom Brown's School-Days. By an Old Boy. 344 pages.
Twelve Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Little Women and Good Wives. By Louisa M. Alcott.
450 pages. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

The Wide, Wide World. By Susan Warner. 478 pages.
Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Danesbury House. By Mrs. Henry Wood. 332 pages.
Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Stepping Heavenward. By E. Prentiss. 332 pages. Six
Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

John Halifax, Gentleman. By Mrs. Craik. New Edition.
540 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

Life and Adventures of Robinson Crusoe. By Daniel
Defoe.

.. vspace:: 1

Naomi; or, The Last Days of Jerusalem. By Mrs. Webb.

.. vspace:: 1

The Pilgrim's Progress. By John Bunyan. 416 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

Uncle Tom's Cabin. By Harriet Beecher Stowe.

.. vspace:: 1

Westward Ho! By Chas. Kingsley.

.. vspace:: 1

Bunyan's Folk of To-day; or, The Modern Pilgrim's
Progress. By Rev. J. Reid Howatt. Twenty Illustrations. Crown
8vo. Cloth extra.

.. vspace:: 1

Sunday Afternoons with My Scholars. By J. Attenborough.
With portrait. Crown 8vo. 290 pages. Cloth gilt.

.. vspace:: 1

Bible Light for Little Pilgrims. A Coloured Scripture
Picture Roll. Contains 12 beautifully coloured Old and New
Testament Scenes, with appropriate texts. Varnished cover
printed in 10 colours. Mounted on Roller for hanging.

.. vspace:: 1

Twilight Whispers. For Devotional Moments. By J. O.
Keen. Crown 8vo. 256 pages, with Portrait of the Author.
Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Platform, Pulpit, and Desk; or, Tools for Workers.
Being 148 Outline Addresses on all Phases of the Temperance
Movement for all Ages and Classes. By W. N. Edwards, F.C.S.
With an Introduction by Canon Barker. Crown 8vo. 300 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

Pleasant Half Hours; or, Thoughts for Men. By Rev. E.
H. Sugden. M.A., Author of "Lights and Shadows, etc." With a
Preface by Rev. A. Plummer, M.A., D.D., Master of University
College, Durham. Crown 8vo, 224 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

Bible Picture Roll. Containing a large Engraving of a
Scripture Subject, with letterpress, for each day in the month.

.. vspace:: 1

The Friends of Jesus: Illustrated Sketches for the Young
of the Twelve Apostles, the Family at Bethany, and other of
the earthly friends of the Saviour. Small 4to. Cloth extra.

.. vspace:: 1

Love, Courtship, and Marriage. By Rev. F. B. Meyer,
B.A. Crown 8vo, 152 pages. Embellished cloth cover. 2s. Net.
Full gilt edges, 2s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

The Crucifixion of Phillip Strong. By Chas. M. Sheldon.

.. vspace:: 1

His Brother's Keeper. By Chas. M. Sheldon.

.. vspace:: 1

Our Exemplar; or, What would Jesus do? (In His Steps).
By Chas. M. Sheldon.

.. vspace:: 1

Richard Bruce. By Chas. M. Sheldon.

.. vspace:: 1

The Twentieth Door. By Chas. M. Sheldon.

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: center large bold

   *1s. 6d. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: bold

THRILLING BUT PURE!

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: small bold center

A series or Charming Stories for Holiday and Fireside Reading.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: small center

*Crown 8vo. 760 pages. Well Illustrated and Attractively Bound.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*A String of Pearls. By E. F. Pollard.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Elsie Macgregor: or, Margaret's Little Lass. By Ramsay
Guthrie.

.. vspace:: 1

The Lady of the Chine. By M. S. Haycraft.

.. vspace:: 1

Carola's Secret. By Ethel F. Heddle.

.. vspace:: 1

The Home of his Fathers. By Lillias Campbell Davidson.

.. vspace:: 1

A Great Patience. By L. Moberly.

.. vspace:: 1

In the Bonds of Silence. By J. L. Hornibrook.

.. vspace:: 1

A Late Repentance. By Hannah B. Mackenzie.

.. vspace:: 1

Shepherds and Sheep. By E. Stuart-Langford.

.. vspace:: 1

The Golden Doors. By M. S. Haycraft.

.. vspace:: 1

A Noble Champion. By David Hobbs.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

THE UP-TO-DATE LIBRARY

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: small center white-space-pre-line

*Of Thick Crown 8vo. Volumes. 320 pages. Many Illustrations.
Cloth boards.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Avice: A Story of Imperial Rome. By E. F. Pollard.

.. vspace:: 1

\*The King's Daughter. By Pansy.

.. vspace:: 1

The Foster Brothers: or, Foreshadowed. By Mrs. Morton.

.. vspace:: 1

The Household Angel. By Madeline Leslie.

.. vspace:: 1

The Green Mountain Boys: A Story of the American
War of Independence. By E. F. Pollard.

.. vspace:: 1

A Way in the Wilderness. By Maggie Swan.

.. vspace:: 1

Miss Elizabeth's Niece. By M. S. Haycraft.

.. vspace:: 1

The Man of the House. By "Pansy."

.. vspace:: 1

Olive Chauncey's Trust: A Story of Life's Turning Points.
By Mrs. E. R. Pitman.

.. vspace:: 1

Whither Bound; A Story of Two Lost Boys. By Owen
Landor.

.. vspace:: 1

Three People. By "Pansy."

.. vspace:: 1

Chrissy's Endeavour. By "Pansy."

.. vspace:: 1

The Young Moose Hunters. By C. A. Stephens.

.. vspace:: 1

Eaglehurst Towers. By Emma Marshall.

.. vspace:: 1

More Nails for Busy Workers. By C. Edwards. Author
of "A Box of Nails for Busy Christian Workers." etc. Crown 8vo.
196 pages. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Queen Alexandra: the Nation's Pride. By Mrs. C. N.
Williamson. Crown 8vo. Tastefully bound, 1s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

King and Emperor: The Life-History of Edward VII.
By Arthur Mee. Crown 8vo. Cloth boards, 1s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

William McKinley: Private and President. By Thos.
Cox Meech. Crown 8vo. 160 pages, with Portrait. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

Studies of the Man Paul. By Robert E. Speer. Long
8vo. 304 pages. Cloth gilt. 1s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

The Angel and the Demon; and other Stories. By E.
Thorneycroft Fowler. Cloth gilt. Eight Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

A Measuring Eye. By E. Stuart-Langford, Author of
"Miss Sophia's Repentance," etc. Illustrated. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Wellington: The Record of a Great Military Career. By
A. E. Knight. Crown 8vo. Cloth gilt, with Portrait, 1s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

Hector Macdonald; or, The Private who became a General.
By T. F. G. Coates. Cr. 8vo. Cloth gilt, with Portrait. 1s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

Baden-Powell: The Hero of Mafeking. By W. Francis
Aitken. Crown 8vo. Cloth gilt, with Portrait, 1s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

Every-day Life in South Africa. By E. E. K. Lowndes.
Crown 8vo. Illustrated. Cloth boards, 1s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

The Royal Life. By Rev. J. C. Carlile. Crown 8vo. 128
pages. Cloth gilt.

.. vspace:: 1

Insects: Foes and Friends. By W. Egmont Kirby, M.D.,
F.L.S. 32 pages of Coloured Illustrations. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 1

The Romance of Evangelism. By Rev. J. Flanagan, South-East
London Mission. Crown 8vo. 128 pages. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

THE BRITISH BOYS' LIBRARY.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Fully Illustrated. Crown 8vo. 168 pages. Cloth extra.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Brown A1; or, A Stolen Holiday. By E. M. Stooke.

.. vspace:: 1

\*The Pigeons' Cave: The Story of Great Orme's Head in
1806. By J. S. Fletcher.

.. vspace:: 1

Robin the Rebel. By H. Louisa Bedford.

.. vspace:: 1

Runaway Rollo. By E. M. Stooke.

.. vspace:: 1

Success: Chats about Boys who have Won it. By C. D. Michael.

.. vspace:: 1

Well Done! Stories of Brave Endeavour. Edited by C.
D. Michael, Author of "Heroes All," "Deeds of Daring," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

The Wonder Seekers. By Henry J. Barker, M.A.

.. vspace:: 1

Little Soldiers. By Kate L. Mackley.

.. vspace:: 1

Will; or, That Boy from the Union. By Lydia Phillips.

.. vspace:: 1

Heroes All! A Book of Brave Deeds for British Boys.
Edited by C. D. Michael.

.. vspace:: 1

Deeds of Daring; or, Stories of Heroism in Every-day Life.
By C. D. Michael.

.. vspace:: 1

Noble Deeds: Stories of Peril and Heroism. Edited by
C. D. Michael.

.. vspace:: 1

Armour Bright: The Story of a Boy's Battles. By Lucy
Taylor, Author of "Astronomers and their Observations," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

The Thane of the Dean: A Story of the Time of the
Conqueror. By Tom Bevan.

.. vspace:: 1

The Old Red School-house: A Story of the Backwoods.
By Francis H. Wood.

.. vspace:: 1

Ben: A Story of Life's Byways. By Lydia Phillips.

.. vspace:: 1

The Secret of the Yew. By Frank Yerlock.

.. vspace:: 1

Major Brown; or, Whether White or Black, a Man. By
Edith S. Davis.

.. vspace:: 1

The Bell Buoy: or, The Story of a Mysterious Key. By
P. M. Holmes.

.. vspace:: 1

Jack. A Story of a Scapegrace. By E. M. Bryant.

.. vspace:: 1

Hubert Ellerdale: A Tale of the Days of Wicliffe. By
W. Oak Rhind.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

THE BRITISH GIRLS' LIBRARY.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Fully Illustrated. Crown 8vo. 160 pages. Cloth extra.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Salome's Burden; or the Shadow on the Homes.
By Eleanora H. Stooke.

.. vspace:: 1

Heroines: True Tales of Brave Women. By C. D.
Michael, Author of "Well Done," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Granny's Girls. By M. B. Manwell.

.. vspace:: 1

Mousey; or, Cousin Robert's Treasure. By Eleanora H.
Stooke.

.. vspace:: 1

Marigold's Fancies. By L. E. Tiddeman.

.. vspace:: 1

"Our Phyllis." By M. S. Haycraft.

.. vspace:: 1

The Lady of Greyham; or, Low in a Low Place. By
Emma E. Hornibrook.

.. vspace:: 1

The Gipsy Queen. By Emma Leslie.

.. vspace:: 1

Kathleen; or, A Maiden's Influence. By Julia Hack.

.. vspace:: 1

The Rajah's Daughter; or, The Half-Moon Girl. By
Bessie Marchant.

.. vspace:: 1

In Self-Defence. By Julia Hack.

.. vspace:: 1

Regia: or, Her Little Kingdom. By E. M. Waterworth
and Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

Una's Marriage. By Mrs. Haycraft.

.. vspace:: 1

Tophi: An Armenian Romance. By Cecilia M. Blake.

.. vspace:: 1

Christabel's Influence. By J. Goldsmith Cooper.

.. vspace:: 1

Sweet Kitty Clare. By Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

The Maid of the Storm: A Story of a Cornish Village.
By Nellie Cornwall.

.. vspace:: 1

Queen of the Isles. By Jessie M. E. Saxby.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

"THE WORLD'S WONDERS" SERIES.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Crown 8vo. 160 pages. Copiously Illustrated. Handsome cloth covers.*

.. vspace:: 1

The Conquest of the Air: The Romance of Aerial
Navigation. By John Alexander.

.. vspace:: 1

Surgeons and their Wonderful Discoveries. By F. M.
Holmes.

.. vspace:: 1

The Life-Boat: Its History and Heroes. By F. M.
Holmes.

.. vspace:: 1

Firemen and their Exploits. With an Account of Fire
Brigades and Appliances. By F. M. Holmes.

.. vspace:: 1

Marvels of Ant Life. By W. F. Kirby, F.L.S., F.E.S.,
of the Natural History Museum, South Kensington.

.. vspace:: 1

The Romance of the Savings Banks. By Archibald G. Bowie.

.. vspace:: 1

The Romance of Glass-Making: A Sketch of the History
of Ornamental Glass. By W. Gandy.

.. vspace:: 1

The Romance of the Post-Office: Its Inception and
Wondrous Development. By Archibald G. Bowie.

.. vspace:: 1

Marvels of Metals. By F. M. Holmes.

.. vspace:: 1

Miners and their Works Underground. By F. M. Holmes.

.. vspace:: 1

Triumphs of the Printing Press. By Walter Jerrold.

.. vspace:: 1

Astronomers and their Observations. By Lucy Taylor.
With Preface by W. Thynne Lynn, B.A., F.R.A.S.

.. vspace:: 1

Celebrated Mechanics and their Achievements. By F.
M. Holmes.

.. vspace:: 1

Engineers and their Triumphs. By F. M. Holmes.

.. vspace:: 1

Electricians and their Marvels. By Walter Jerrold.

.. vspace:: 1

Musicians and their Compositions. By J. R. Griffiths.

.. vspace:: 1

Naturalists and their Investigations. By George Day,
F.R.M.S.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

POPULAR MISSIONARY BIOGRAPHIES.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Crown 8vo. 160 pages. Cloth extra. Fully Illustrated.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Some Missionaries I have Known. By Jesse Page
F.R.G.S., Author of "Samuel Crowther," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

James Chalmers, Missionary and Explorer of Rarotonga
and New Guinea. By William Robson. New Edition, brought
up-to-date by Frank B. Broad, of the London Missionary Society.
With recent Portrait and many other Illustrations. 176 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

Griffith John, Founder of the Hankow Mission, Central
China. By William Robson. New Edition, brought up-to date
Dy Frank B. Broad, of the London Missionary Society. 176 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

Robert Morrison: The Pioneer of Chinese Missions By
Wilham J. Townsend.

.. vspace:: 1

Amid Greenland Snows; or, The Early History of Arctic
Missions. By Jesse Page, F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 1

Bishop Patteson: The Martyr of Melanesia. By same
Author.

.. vspace:: 1

Captain Allen Gardiner: Sailor and Saint. By same
Author.

.. vspace:: 1

The Congo for Christ: The Story of the Congo Mission.
By Rev. J. B. Myers, Author of "William Carey," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

David Brainerd, the Apostle to the North-American
Indians. By Jesse Page, F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 1

David Livingstone: His Labours and his Legacy. By
Arthur Montefiore-Brice, Author of "H. M. Stanley," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

From Kafir Kraal to Pulpit: The Story of Tiyo Soga,
First Ordained Preacher of the Kafir Race. By Rev. H. T.
Cousins.

.. vspace:: 1

Japan: and its People. By Jesse Page, F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 1

John Williams: The Martyr Missionary of Polynesia. By
Rev. James Ellis.

.. vspace:: 1

James Calvert; or, From Dark to Dawn in Fiji. By
R. Vernon.

.. vspace:: 1

Lady Missionaries in Foreign Lands. By Mrs. E. R.
Pitman, Author of "Missionary Heroines in Eastern Lands."

.. vspace:: 1

Missionary Heroines in Eastern Lands. By Mrs. E. R.
Pitman.

.. vspace:: 1

Reginald Heber: Bishop of Calcutta, Author of "From
Greenland's Icy Mountains." By A. Montefiore-Brice, F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 1

Robert Moffat: The Missionary Hero of Kuruman. By
David J. Deane.

.. vspace:: 1

Samuel Crowther: The Slave Boy who became Bishop of
the Niger. By Jesse Page, F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 1

Thomas J. Comber: Missionary Pioneer to the Congo.
By Rev. J. B. Myers.

.. vspace:: 1

William Carey: The Shoemaker who became the Father
and Founder of Modern Missions. By Rev. J. B. Myers.

.. vspace:: 1

Henry Martyn. By Jesse Page, F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

NEW POPULAR BIOGRAPHIES.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Crown 8vo. Cloth boards. Fully Illustrated.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Women who have Worked and Won. The Life Story of
Mrs. Spurgeon, Mrs. Booth-Tucker, F. R. Havergal, and Ramabai.
By Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

John Bright: Apostle of Free Trade. By Jesse Page,
F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 1

The Two Stephensons. By John Alexander.

.. vspace:: 1

J. Passmore Edwards: Philanthropist. By E. Harcourt
Burrage.

.. vspace:: 1

Dwight L. Moody: The Life-work of a Modern Evangelist.
By Rev. J. H. Batt.

.. vspace:: 1

Noble Work by Noble Women: Sketches of the Lives of
the Baroness Burdett-Coutts, Lady Henry Somerset, Miss Sarah
Robinson, Mrs. Fawcett, and Mrs. Gladstone. By Jennie Chappell,
Author of "Four Noble Women," etc.

.. vspace:: 1


Four Noble Women and their Work: Sketches of the Life
and Work of Frances Willard, Agnes Weston. Sister Dora, and
Catherine Booth. By Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

The Canal Boy who became President. By Frederic T.
Gammon.

.. vspace:: 1

Florence Nightingale: The Wounded Soldiers' Friend.
By Eliza F. Pollard.

.. vspace:: 1

Four Heroes of India: Clive, Warren Hastings, Havelock,
Lawrence. By F. M. Holmes.

.. vspace:: 1

Fridtjof Nansen: His Life and Explorations. By J. A.
Bain.

.. vspace:: 1

General Gordon: The Christian Soldier and Hero. By
G. Barnett Smith.

.. vspace:: 1

W. E. Gladstone: England's Great Commoner. By Walter
Jerrold. With Portrait and 38 other Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Heroes and Heroines of the Scottish Covenanters. By
J. Meldrum Dryerre, LL.B., F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 1

John Knox and the Scottish Reformation. By G.
Barnett Smith.

.. vspace:: 1

Philip Melancthon: The Wittemberg Professor and
Theologian of the Reformation. By David J. Deane.

.. vspace:: 1

Sir Richard Tangye ("One and All"): An Autobiography.
With 21 Original Illustrations by Frank Hewitt. 192 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

Sir John Franklin and the Romance of the North-West
Passage. By G. Barnett Smith.

.. vspace:: 1

The Slave and His Champions: Sketches of Granville
Sharp, Thomas Clarkson, William Wilberforce, and Sir T. F.
Buxton. By C. D. Michael.

.. vspace:: 1

Henry M. Stanley: The African Explorer. By Arthur
Montefiore-Brice, F.G.S., F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 1

C. H. Spurgeon: His Life and Ministry. By Jesse Page, F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 1

Two Noble Lives: John Wicliffe, the Morning Star of the
Reformation; and Martin Luther, the Reformer. By David
J. Deane. 208 pages.

.. vspace:: 1

William Tyndale: The Translator of the English Bible.
By G. Barnett Smith.

.. vspace:: 1

The Marquess of Salisbury: His Inherited Characteristics,
Political Principles, and Personality. By W. F. Aitken. 1s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

Frederick Temple, Archbishop of Canterbury. By W.
Francis Aitken, Author of "Baden-Powell," etc. 1s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

Joseph Parker, D.D.: His Life and Ministry. By Albert
Dawson. 1s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

Hugh Price Hughes. By Rev. J. Gregory Mantle, 1s. 6d. Net.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

NEW CENTURY LEADERS.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: small bold

An up-to-date Series of Biographies of Men of Mark at the Opening of
the Twentieth Century.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: small center white-space-pre-line

*Crown 8vo. 160 pages and Portrait. Handsomely bound in cloth boards.
1s. 6d. each Net.*

.. vspace:: 1

R. J. Campbell, M.A.; Minister of the City Temple,
London. By Charles T. Bateman.

.. vspace:: 1

Dr. Barnardo: "The Foster-Father of Nobody's Children."
By Rev. J. H. Batt.

.. vspace:: 1

W. Robertson Nicoll, LL.D., Editor and Preacher. By
Jane Stoddart.

.. vspace:: 1

F. B. Meyer: His Life and Work. By Jennie Street.

.. vspace:: 1

John Clifford, M.A., B.Sc., LL.D., D.D. By Chas. T.
Bateman.

.. vspace:: 1

Thirty Years in the East End: A Marvellous Story of
Mission Work. By W. Francis Aitken.

.. vspace:: 1

Alexander Maclaren, D.D.: The Man and His Message.
By Rev. John C. Carlile.

.. vspace:: 1

Lord Milner. By W. B. Luke.

.. vspace:: 1

Lord Rosebery: Imperialist. By J. A. Hammerton,
Author of "J. M. Barrie and His Books."

.. vspace:: 1

Joseph Chamberlain: A Romance of Modern Politics.
By Arthur Mee.

.. vspace:: 1

General Booth: The Man and His Work. By Jesse Page,
F.R.G.S.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

ILLUSTRATED REWARD BOOKS.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Crown 8vo. 160 pages. Cloth extra. Fully Illustrated.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Bethesda Chapel. A Story of the Good Old Times. By
Rev. C. Leach, D.D.

.. vspace:: 1

Philip's Inheritance; or, Into a Far Country. By F.
Spenser.

.. vspace:: 1

Donald's Victory. By Lydia Phillips.

.. vspace:: 1

A Red Brick Cottage. By Lady Hope, Author of "His
Handiwork," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Marchester Stories. By Rev. C. Herbert.

.. vspace:: 1

Aileen; or, The Love of Christ Constraineth Us. By
Laura A. Barter-Snow, Author of "Harold; or, Two Died for Me."

.. vspace:: 1

Everybody's Friend; or, Hilda Danvers' Influence. By
Evelyn Everett-Green, Author of "Barbara's Brother," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

In Friendship's Name. A Story for Boys. By Lydia
Phillips, Author of "Frank Burleigh, etc.

.. vspace:: 1

The Legend of the Silver Cup. Allegories for Children.
By Rev. G. Critchley, B.A. With 12 Illustrations. Small 4to.

.. vspace:: 1

Nella; or, Not My Own. By Jessie Goldsmith Cooper.

.. vspace:: 1

Sister Royal. By Mrs. Haycraft, Author of "The
Children of Cherryholme," etc.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

DEVOTIONAL CLASSICS.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small white-space-pre-line

*A new series of Devotional Books by standard authors. Well printed on
good paper. Size 6-1/4 by 4-1/4 inches. Beautifully bound in
cloth boards. 1s. 6d. each. Net.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*The Imitation of Christ. By Thomas รก Kempis.

.. vspace:: 1

\*The Holy War. By John Bunyan.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

PICTURE BOOKS.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small white-space-pre-line

*Size 9 by 7 inches. Coloured and numerous other Illustrations. 
Handsome Coloured Cover. Paper Boards with Cloth Back.*

.. vspace:: 1

Happy and Gay: Pictures and Stories for Every Day. By
D. J. D., Author of "Stories of Animal Sagacity." etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Pleasures and Joys for Girls and Boys. By D. J. D.,
Author of "Stories of Animal Sagacity."

.. vspace:: 1

Anecdotes of Animals and Birds. By Uncle John.

.. vspace:: 1

Stories of Animal Sagacity. By D. J. D. A companion
volume to "Anecdotes of Animals."

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

"ONWARD" TEMPERANCE LIBRARY.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Crown 8vo. Illustrated. Cloth extra.*

.. vspace:: 1

Dick's Chum. By Miss M. A. Paull.

.. vspace:: 1

We Girls. By Miss M. A. Paull.

.. vspace:: 1

The Fortunes of Riverside. By S. Hocking.

.. vspace:: 1

Blossom and Blight. By Miss M. A. Paull, Author of
"Tim's Troubles," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Manor House Mystery. By Mrs. C. L. Balfour.

.. vspace:: 1

The Bird Angel. By Miss M. A. Paull.

.. vspace:: 1

Running from Home. By Miss M. A. Paull.

.. vspace:: 1

Lyndon the Outcast. By Mrs. Clara Lucas Balfour.

.. vspace:: 1

Ronald Clayton's Mistake. By Miss M. A. Paull.

.. vspace:: 1

Nearly Lost, but Dearly Won. By Rev. T. P. Wilson,
M.A., Author of "Frank Oldfield," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Saph's Foster-Bairn. By Rev. A. Colbeck, Author of the
ยฃ100 prize tale, "Fall of the Staincliffes," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Hoyle's Popular Ballads and Recitations. By William
Hoyle, Author of "Hymns and Songs," etc.

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: center large bold

   *1s. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: bold

"ONWARD" TEMPERANCE LIBRARY.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Crown 8vo. Illustrated. Cloth extra.*

.. vspace:: 1

A Western Waif. By Old Cornish, Author of "Ste," "Our
Girls," "Pete and his Daddy," etc., etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Addy's Two Lives. By Mrs. Ruth B. Yates, Author of
"Grumpy Grafton," "Green and Gold," etc., etc.

.. vspace:: 1

John Dudley's Secret; or, The Gambler's Daughter. By
Edward Armytage.

.. vspace:: 1

Suspected; or, Under a Cloud. By A. J. Glasspool, Author
of "Snatched from Death," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Whispers to those who wish to Enjoy a Happy Life.
By Rev. Benj. Smith, Author of "Climbing," "Gems Reset," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Snatched from Death. By Alfred J. Glasspool, Author of
"The Young Abstainer's Laboratory," etc., etc.

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: center large bold

   *1s. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: bold

ONE SHILLING REWARD BOOKS.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Fully Illustrated. Crown 8vo. Cloth extra.*

.. vspace:: 1

"Other Pets and their Wild Cousins. By Rev. J. Isabell,
F.E.S. Many Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Little Chris the Castaway. By F. Spenser.

.. vspace:: 1

\*The Children of the Priory. By J. L. Hornibrook.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Through Sorrow and Joy; or, The Story of an English
Bible in Reformation Times. By M. A. R.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Tom and the Enemy. By Clive R. Fenn.

.. vspace:: 1

Ruth's Roses: or, What Some Girls Did. By Laura A.
Barter-Snow. Four Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

In Paths of Peril: A Boy's Adventures in Nova Scotia. By
J. Macdonald Oxley. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Pets and their Wild Cousins: New and True Stories of
Animals. By Rev. J. Isabell, F.E.S. Twenty Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

A Brother's Need. By L. S. Mead. Crown 8vo. 128
pages. Illustrated. Cloth.

.. vspace:: 1

Sunshine and Snow. By Harold Bindloss. Six Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Donalblane of Darien. By J. Macdonald Oxley. Six
Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Crown Jewels. By Heather Grey. Four Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

At the Bend of the Creek. By E. Gertrude and Annie A.
Hart. Four Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

All Play and No Work. By Harold Avery, Author of
"The Triple Alliance," etc. Six Illustrations by Harold Copping.

.. vspace:: 1

Bernard or Ben? By Jennie Chappell, Author of "Raymond's
Rival," etc. Six Illustrations by T. L. Pethybridge.

.. vspace:: 1

Always Happy; or, The Story of Helen Keller. By
Jennie Chappell, Author of "Ted's Trust."

.. vspace:: 1

Birdie and her Dog, and other Stories of Canine Sagacity.
By Miss Phillips (Mrs. H. B. Looker).

.. vspace:: 1

Bessie Drew; or, The Odd Little Girl. By Amy Manifold.

.. vspace:: 1

Cola Monti; or, The Story of a Genius. By Mrs. Craik,
Author of "John Halifax, Gentleman."

.. vspace:: 1

The Children of Cherryholme. By M. S. Haycraft.

.. vspace:: 1

The Fatal Nugget. By E. Harcourt Burrage.

.. vspace:: 1

Frank Burleigh; or, Chosen to be a Soldier. By Lydia
Phillips.

.. vspace:: 1

Harold; or, Two Died for Me. By Laura A. Barter.

.. vspace:: 1

Indian Life in the Great North-West. By Egerton R.
Young, Missionary to the North American Indian Tribes.

.. vspace:: 1

Jack the Conqueror; or, Difficulties Overcome. By the
Author of "Dick and his Donkey."

.. vspace:: 1

Jim's Discovery; or, On the Edge of a Desert. By T. M.
Browne, Author of "Dawson's Madge," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Little Bunch's Charge; or, True to Trust. By Nellie
Cornwall, Author of "Tamsin Rosewarne," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Lost in the Backwoods. By Edith C. Kenyon.

.. vspace:: 1

The Little Woodman and his Dog Caesar. By Mrs.
Sherwood.

.. vspace:: 1

Marjory; or, What would Jesus do? By Laura A. Barter-Snow.

.. vspace:: 1

Our Den. By E. M. Waterworth, Author of "Master
Lionel, that Tiresome Child."

.. vspace:: 1

Paul the Courageous. By Mabel Quiller-Couch. Six
Illustrations by Florence Reason.

.. vspace:: 1

Roy's Sister; or, His Way and Hers. By M. B. Manwell.

.. vspace:: 1

Raymond's Rival; or, Which will Win? By Jennie
Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

St. Mary's Convent; or, Chapters in the Life of a Nun. By
J. S. Dammast, Author of "The Fatal Legacy.

.. vspace:: 1

Sweet Nancy. By L. T. Meade, Author of "Scamp and I."

.. vspace:: 1

Uncle Zeph and His Yarns. By Wm. J. Forster, Author
of "A Trip to Many Lands," etc. Four Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Who was the Culprit? By Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Partridge's Popular Reciter. Old Favourites and New.
Cloth Boards, 1s. Net.

.. vspace:: 1

"Golden Words for Every Day. By M. Jennie Street.
A prettily illustrated Text Book for the Young.

.. vspace:: 1

The Armour of Life. A Little Book of Friendly Counsel.
Edited by J. A. Hammerton, Author of "A Young Man's Mind."
Foolscap 8vo. Ninety-six pages. Cloth.

.. vspace:: 1

Hiram Golf's Religion. By George H. Hepworth, D.D,,
Author of "The Life Beyond." etc. 128 pages. Cloth gilt.

.. vspace:: 1

Eon the Good; and other Verses. By Charlotte Murray.
Crown 8vo.

.. vspace:: 1

What is Christian Science? An Examination of the
Metaphysical, the Theological, and the Therapeutic Theories of
the System. By P. C. Wolcott, B.D. Long 8vo. 96 pages. Cloth.

.. vspace:: 1

Another Pentecost. By Rev. I. E. Page. Long 8vo. 128
pages. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 1

Uncrowned Queens. By Charlotte Skinner, Author of
"Sisters of the Master." Small 8vo. 112 pages. Cloth.

.. vspace:: 1

Sisters of the Master. By Charlotte Skinner, Author of
"The Master's Gifts to Women."

.. vspace:: 1

Light and Darkness; or, All One in Christ Jesus. By Spes.
An Anti-Ritualistic Story. Crown 8vo. 128 pages. Paper covers.

.. vspace:: 1

Molly and I. By the Author of "Jack," "At Sunset," etc.
Long 8vo. Illustrated Title Page.

.. vspace:: 1

Cicely's Little Minute. By Harvey Gobel. Long 8vo.
Illustrated Title Page. Cloth extra.

.. vspace:: 1

Victoria: the Well-Beloved. (1819-1901.) By W. Francis
Aitken, Author of "Baden Powell: the Hero of Mafeking." Eight
illustrations. Crown 8vo. 152 pages. Cloth boards.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

CHEAP REPRINTS OF POPULAR BOOKS FOR THE YOUNG.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Crown 8vo. 160 pages. Illustrated. Cloth boards, 1s. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Satisfied. By Catherine Trowbridge.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Ted's Trust; or, Aunt Elmerley's Umbrella. By Jennie
Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

\*A Candle Lighted by the Lord. By Mrs. E. Ross.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Alice Western's Blessing. By Ruth Lamb.

.. vspace:: 1

Tamsin Rosewarne and Her Burdens: A Tale of Cornish
Life. By Nellie Cornwall.

.. vspace:: 1

Raymond and Bertha: A Story of True Nobility. By
Lydia Phillips, Author of "Frank Burleigh; or, Chosen to be a
Soldier."

.. vspace:: 1

Gerald's Dilemma. By Emma Leslie. Crown 8vo. 160
pages. Six Illustrations. Cloth.

.. vspace:: 1

Fine Gold; or, Ravenswood Courtenay. By Emma
Marshall, Author of "Eaglehurst Towers," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Marigold. By Mrs. L. T. Meade, Author of "The Little
Princess of Tower Hill," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Jack's Heroism. A Story of Schoolboy Life. By Edith C.
Kenyon.

.. vspace:: 1

The Lads of Kingston. A Tale of a Seaport Town. By
James Capes Story.

.. vspace:: 1

Her Two Sons: A Story for Young Men and Maidens. By
Mrs. Charles Garnett.

.. vspace:: 1

Rag and Tag: A Plea for the Waifs and Strays of Old
England. By Mrs. E. J. Whittaker.

.. vspace:: 1

Through Life's Shadows. By Eliza F. Pollard, Author of
"Roger the Ranger."

.. vspace:: 1

The Little Princess of Tower Hill. By L. T. Meade,
Author of "The Lady of the Forest."

.. vspace:: 1

Clovie and Madge. By Mrs. G. S. Reaney.

.. vspace:: 1

Ellerslie House: A Book for Boys. By Emma Leslie.

.. vspace:: 1

Like a Little Candle; or, Bertrand's Influence. By Mrs.
Haycraft.

.. vspace:: 1

Martin Redfern's Vow. By Ethel F. Heddle.

.. vspace:: 1

The Dairyman's Daughter. By Legh Richmond.

.. vspace:: 1

Bible Wonders. By Rev. Dr. Newton.

.. vspace:: 1

The Pilgrim's Progress. By John Bunyan. 416 pages.
Forty-seven Illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

Our Duty to Animals. By Mrs. C. Bray, Author of
"Physiology for Schools," etc. Intended to teach the young
kindness to Animals.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

NEW SERIES OF ONE SHILLING PICTURE BOOKS.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: small

*Size 10-1/2 by 8 inches. 96 pages. Coloured Frontispiece and numerous
other illustrations. Handsomely bound in paper boards, covers
printed in 10 colours and varnished.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Tell Me a Tale! A Picture Story Book for Little Children.
By J. D., Author of "Two Little Bears at School," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Little Snow-Shoes' Picture Book. By R. V., Author of
"Merry and Free."

.. vspace:: 1

\*In Animal Land with Louis Wain. Coloured frontispiece
and many other of Louis Wain's striking animal pictures for the
young.

.. vspace:: 1

Two Little Bears at School. By J. D., Author of "Happy
Playmates," "Buttercups and Daisies," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Merry and Free. Pictures and Stories for our Little Ones.
By R. V.

.. vspace:: 1

We Three and Grandpa! A Picture Story Book for Little
Folks. By J. D.

.. vspace:: 1

Bruno's Prize. Pictures and Stories for Merry and Wise.
By D. J. D., Author of "Our Pets' Picture Book."

.. vspace:: 1

Our Pets' Picture Book. By D. J. D.

.. vspace:: 1

Happy Playmates: Pictures and Stories for Little Folks.
By J. D., Author of "Buttercups and Daisies," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Bible Pictures and Stories: Old Testament. By D. J. D.

.. vspace:: 1

Bible Pictures and Stories: New Testament. By James
Weston and D. J. D.

.. vspace:: 1

Pussies and Puppies. By Louis Wain.

.. vspace:: 1

\*The Life of Jesus. 112 pages. Coloured frontispiece and
many other illustrations.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Gentle Jesus: A Book of Bible Pictures in colour. Size,
11 by 8 inches.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

ONE SHILLING TOY BOOKS.

.. vspace:: 1

Father Time. A Novel Mechanical Toy Book. Cover
tastefully printed in colours. Contains beautifully reproduced
illustrations of the games played during each month of the year;
also clock-dial with real hands.

.. vspace:: 1

Animals, Tame and Wild. Fourteen coloured pages of
Animals drawn from life, with appropriate footlines. Beautifully
coloured cover, varnished.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

BOOKS FOR CHRISTIAN WORKERS.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small white-space-pre-line

*Large Crown 16mo. 128 pages. Chastely bound, in Cloth Boards.
1s. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Some Secrets of Christian Living. By Rev. F. B. Meyer.

.. vspace:: 1

\*The Overcoming Life. By Rev. E. W. Moore.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Marks of the Master. By Charlotte Skinner.

.. vspace:: 1

Some Deeper Things. By Rev. F. B. Meyer.

.. vspace:: 1

Steps to the Blessed Life. By Rev. F. B. Meyer.

.. vspace:: 1

Daybreak in the Soul. By Rev. E. W. Moore.

.. vspace:: 1

The Temptation of Christ. By C. Arnold Healing, M.A.

.. vspace:: 1

Keynotes to the Happy Life. By Charlotte Skinner,
Author of "The Master's Gifts to Women," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

For Love's Sake. By Charlotte Skinner, Author of
"Uncrowned Queens," etc.

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: center large bold

   *9d. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: bold

NINEPENNY SERIES OF ILLUSTRATED BOOKS.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*96 pages. Small Crown 8vo. Illustrated. Handsome cloth covers.*

.. vspace:: 1


\*Bob and Bob's Baby. By Mary E. Lester.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Robin's Golden Deed. By Ruth Lynn.

.. vspace:: 1

\*The Little Captain: A Temperance Tale. By Lynde Palmer.

.. vspace:: 1

Grandmother's Child. By Annie S. Swan. New Edition.

.. vspace:: 1

Dorothy's Trust. By Adela Frances Mount, Author of
"Margery's Quest."

.. vspace:: 1

Grannie's Treasures; and how they helped her. By L. E. Tiddeman.

.. vspace:: 1

His Majesty's Beggars. By Mary E. Ropes.

.. vspace:: 1

Love's Golden Key. By Mary E. Lester.

.. vspace:: 1

Faithful Friends. By C. A. Mercer, Author of "Rob and I."

.. vspace:: 1

Only Roy. By E. M. Water worth and Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

Aunt Armstrong's Money. By Jennie Chappell, Author of
"Carol's Gift," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

The Babes in the Basket; or, Daph and Her Charge.

.. vspace:: 1

Bel's Baby. By Mary E. Ropes.

.. vspace:: 1

Birdie's Benefits; or, A Little Child Shall Lead Them.
By Edith Ruth Boddy.

.. vspace:: 1

Carol's Gift; or, "What Time I am Afraid I will Trust in
Thee." By Jennie Chappell, Author of "Without a Thought."

.. vspace:: 1

Cripple George; or, God has a Plan for Every Man. A
Temperance Story. By John W. Kneeshaw.

.. vspace:: 1

Cared For; or, The Orphan Wanderers. By Mrs. C. E.
Bowen, Author of "Dick and his Donkey," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Dawson's Madge: or, The Poacher's Daughter. By T. M.
Browne, Author of "The Musgrove Ranch," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

A Flight with the Swallows, By Emma Marshall.

.. vspace:: 1

The Five Cousins. By Emma Leslie.

.. vspace:: 1

Foolish Chrissy; or, Discontent and its Consequences. By
Meta, Author of "Noel's Lessons," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

For Lucy's Sake. By Annie S. Swan.

.. vspace:: 1

Giddie Garland; or, The Three Mirrors. By Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

How a Farthing Made a Fortune; or, Honesty is the Best
Policy. By Mrs. C. E. Bowen.

.. vspace:: 1

How Paul's Penny became a Pound. By Mrs. Bowen,
Author of "Dick and his Donkey."

.. vspace:: 1

How Peter's Pound became a Penny. By the same Author.

.. vspace:: 1

John Blessington's Enemy: A Story of Life in South
Africa. By E. Harcourt Burrage, Author of "The Fatal
Nugget," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

John Oriel's Start in Life. By Mary Howitt.

.. vspace:: 1

Master Lionel, that Tiresome Child. By E. M. Waterworth.

.. vspace:: 1

The Man of the Family. By Jennie Chappell.

.. vspace:: 1

Mattie's Home; or, The Little Match-girl and her Friends.

.. vspace:: 1

Nan; or, The Power of Love. By Eliza F. Pollard, Author
of "Avice," etc.

.. vspace:: 1

Phil's Frolic. By F. Scarlett Potter.

.. vspace:: 1

Paul: A Little Mediator. By Maude M. Butler.

.. vspace:: 1

Rob and I; or, By Courage and Faith. By C. A. Mercer.

.. vspace:: 1

A Sailor's Lass. By Emma Leslie.

.. vspace:: 1

Una Bruce's Troubles. By Alice Price.

.. vspace:: 1

Won from the Sea. By E. C. Phillips (Mrs. H. B. Looker),
Author of "Birdie and Her Dog."

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: center large bold

   *6d. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: bold

NEW SERIES OF SIXPENNY PICTURE BOOKS.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: small

*Crown quarto. With Coloured Frontispiece and many other illustrations.
Handsomely bound in paper boards, with cover printed in ten colours.*

.. vspace:: 1

\*Old Mother Bunnie! A Picture Story Book for Laddies
and Lassies. By J. D.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Off We Go! Pictures and Stories for Boys and Girls. By R. V.

.. vspace:: 1

Sweet Stories Retold: A Bible Picture Book for Young Folks.

.. vspace:: 1

Little Snowdrop's Bible Picture Book.

.. vspace:: 1

March Away! Pictures and Stories for Every Day.

.. vspace:: 1

After the Ball: Pictures and Stories for One and All.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

THE MARIGOLD SERIES.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: small

*An unequalled series of Standard stories, printed on good laid paper.
Imperial 8vo. 128 pages. Illustrated covers with vignetted design printed
in eight Colours. Price 6d. each net.*

.. vspace:: 1

Pride and Prejudice. By Jane Austen.

.. vspace:: 1

From Jest to Earnest. By E. P. Roe.

.. vspace:: 1

The Wide, Wide World. By Susan Warner.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

POPULAR EDITION.

.. vspace:: 1

Don Lavington; or, In the Days of the Press Gang. By
Geo. Manville Fenn. Royal 8vo. 160 pages. Ten Illustrations
by W. Rainey. R.I. Cover printed in colours.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

THE "RED DAVE" SERIES.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small white-space-pre-line

*New and enlarged Edition. Handsomely bound in cloth boards.
Well illustrated.*

.. vspace:: 1

Roy Carpenter's Lesson. By Keith Marlow.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Gerald's Guardian. By Charles Herbert.

.. vspace:: 1

\*Where a Queen once Dwelt. By Jetta Vogel.

.. vspace:: 1

Wilful Jack. By M. I. Hurrell.

.. vspace:: 1

Willie the Waif. By Minie Herbert.

.. vspace:: 1

A Sunday Trip and what came of it. By E. J. Romanes.

.. vspace:: 1

Little Tim and his Picture. By Beatrice Way.

.. vspace:: 1

Midge. By L. E. Tiddeman.

.. vspace:: 1

The Conjurer's Wand. By Henrietta S. Streatfeild.

.. vspace:: 1

Benjamin's New Boy.

.. vspace:: 1

Enemies: A Tale for Little Lads and Lasses.

.. vspace:: 1

Cherry Tree Place.

.. vspace:: 1

A Tale of Four Foxes.

.. vspace:: 1

A Little Town Mouse.

.. vspace:: 1

The Little Governess.

.. vspace:: 1

Puppy-Dog Tales.

.. vspace:: 1

Mother's Boy.

.. vspace:: 1

A Great Mistake.

.. vspace:: 1

From Hand to Hand.

.. vspace:: 1

That Boy Bob.

.. vspace:: 1

Buy Your Own Cherries.

.. vspace:: 1

Left in Charge, and other Stories.

.. vspace:: 1

A Threefold Promise.

.. vspace:: 1

The Four Young Musicians.

.. vspace:: 1

Two Little Girls and What they did.

.. vspace:: 1

Joe and Sally; or, A Good Deed and its Fruits.

.. vspace:: 1

The Island Home.

.. vspace:: 1

Chrissy's Treasure.

.. vspace:: 1

Lost in the Snow.

.. vspace:: 1

Owen's Fortune.

.. vspace:: 1

Red Dave: or, What Wilt Thou have Me to Do.

.. vspace:: 1

Dick and His Donkey.

.. vspace:: 1

Jessie Dyson.

.. vspace:: 1

Come Home, Mother.

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: center large bold

   *4d. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: bold

CHEAP "PANSY" SERIES.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: small

*Imperial 8vo. 64 pages. Many Illustrations. Cover printed in five colours.*

.. vspace:: 1

The Strait Gate. By Annie S. Swan.

.. vspace:: 1

Mark Desborough's Vow. By Annie S. Swan.

.. vspace:: 1

Her Saddest Blessing.

.. vspace:: 1

Miss Priscilla Hunter, and other Stories.

.. vspace:: 1

Wild Bryonie.

.. vspace:: 1

Avice. A Story of Imperial Rome.

.. vspace:: 1

Links in Rebecca's Life.

.. vspace:: 1

From Different Standpoints.

.. vspace:: 1

Those Boys.

.. vspace:: 1

Christie's Christmas.

.. vspace:: 1

Four Girls at Chautauqua.

.. vspace:: 1

Julia Ried.

.. vspace:: 1

Ester Ried yet Speaking.

.. vspace:: 1

Echoing and Re-echoing.

.. vspace:: 1

Cunning Workmen.

.. vspace:: 1

Tip Lewis and His Lamp.

.. vspace:: 1

The King's Daughter.

.. vspace:: 1

Household Puzzles.

.. vspace:: 1

The Randolphs.

.. vspace:: 1

Wise to Win; or, The Master Hand.

.. vspace:: 1

A New Graft on the Family Tree.

.. vspace:: 1

The Man of the House.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

THE YOUNG FOLKS' LIBRARY

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small white-space-pre-line

*of Cloth-bound Books. With Coloured Frontispiece. 64 pages.
Well Illustrated. Handsome Cloth Covers.*

.. vspace:: 1

The Little Woodman.

.. vspace:: 1

Jacko the Monkey, and other Stories.

.. vspace:: 1

Little Dan, the Orange Boy.

.. vspace:: 1

Ronald's Reason.

.. vspace:: 1

Prom Shadow to Sunshine.

.. vspace:: 1

A Bright Idea.

.. vspace:: 1

Sybil and her Live Snowball.

.. vspace:: 1

The Church Mouse.

.. vspace:: 1

Dandy Jim.

.. vspace:: 1

A Troublesome Trio.

.. vspace:: 1

Perry's Pilgrimage.

.. vspace:: 1

Nita; or, Among the Brigands.

.. vspace:: 3

.. class:: center large bold

   *3d. each.*

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: bold

NEW PRETTY "GIFT-BOOK" SERIES.

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: small

*With Beautiful Coloured Frontispiece, and many other Illustrations. Paper
boards, Cover printed in eight Colours and Varnished, 3d. each.
Size 6 by 5 inches.*

.. vspace:: 1

Jack and Jill's Picture Book.

.. vspace:: 1

Lady-Bird's Pictures and Stories.

.. vspace:: 1

Playtime Joys for Girls and Boys

.. vspace:: 1

Dolly's Picture Book.

.. vspace:: 1

By the Sea.

.. vspace:: 1

Toby and Kit's Animal Book.

.. vspace:: 1

"Pets "and "Pickles."

.. vspace:: 1

Our Little Pets' Alphabet.

.. vspace:: 1

Blble Stories--Old Testament.

.. vspace:: 1

Blble Stories--New Testament.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

TINY LIBRARY

.. vspace:: 1

.. class:: center small

*Books printed in large type. Cloth limp, 3d.*

.. vspace:: 1

Little Chrissie, and other Stories.

.. vspace:: 1

Harry Carlton's Holiday.

.. vspace:: 1

A Little Loss and a Big Find.

.. vspace:: 1

What a Little Cripple Did.

.. vspace:: 1

Bobby.

.. vspace:: 1

Matty and Tom.

.. vspace:: 1

The Broken Window.

.. vspace:: 1

John Madge's Cure for Selfishness.

.. vspace:: 1

The Pedlar's Loan.

.. vspace:: 1

Letty Young's Trials.

.. vspace:: 1

Brave Boys.

.. vspace:: 1

Little Jim, the Rag Merchant.

.. vspace:: 2

.. class:: bold

PARTRIDGE'S PICTORIAL MAGAZINES.

.. vspace:: 1

Our Young Men. A Magazine of Manliness. Edited
by J. A. Hammerton. A thoroughly bright, breezy, go-ahead
magazine, with attractive articles, serial stories, answers to
correspondents, book chat, etc., etc. 1d. Monthly.

.. vspace:: 1

The Yearly Volume, cloth boards, 2s.

.. vspace:: 2

The British Workman. Contains Popular Articles and
Stories on Temperance, Thrift, etc., and short Biographies of
eminent Self-made Men; also interesting information of special
value to the sons of toil. 1d. Monthly.

.. vspace:: 1

The Yearly Volume, 144 pages full of Illustrations, coloured paper boards,
1s. 6d.; cloth, 2s. 6d.

.. vspace:: 2

The Family Friend. A beautifully Illustrated Magazine
for the Home Circle, with Serial and Short Stories by popular
Authors, Helpful Articles, Hints on Dressmaking, etc.
1d. Monthly.

.. vspace:: 1

The Yearly Volume, in coloured paper boards and cloth back, 1s. 6d.;
cloth, 2s.; gilt edges, 2s. 6d.

.. vspace:: 2

The Friendly Visitor. An Illustrated Gospel Magazine for
the people full of entertaining reading with sound religious teaching
in the form of story, article, and poem. Printed in large type and
fully illustrated. Just the paper for the aged. 1d. Monthly.

.. vspace:: 1

The Yearly Volume, coloured paper boards and cloth back, 1s. 6d.; cloth, 2s.;
gilt edges, 2s. 6d.

.. vspace:: 2

The Children's Friend. Charming Stories, interesting Articles,
Indoor Recreations, beautiful Pictures, Puzzles, Prize
Competitions, etc. 1d. Monthly.

.. vspace:: 1

The Yearly Volume, coloured paper boards, with cloth back and excellent
coloured frontispiece, 1s. 6d.; cloth, 2s.; gilt edges, 2s. 6d.

.. vspace:: 2

The Infants' Magazine. No other Periodical can be compared
with the Infants' Magazine for freshness, brightness, and
interest. Full of bright pictures and pleasant reading to delight the
little ones. ld. Monthly.

.. vspace:: 1

The Yearly Volume, coloured paper boards, with cloth back and beautifully
coloured frontispiece, 1s. 6d.; cloth, 2s.; gilt edges, 2s. 6d.

.. vspace:: 2

The Band of Hope Review. The Leading Temperance
Periodical for the Young, containing Serial and Short Stories.
Concerted Recitations, Prize Competitions. Should be in the
hands of all Members of Bands of Hope. 1/2d. Monthly.

.. vspace:: 1

The Yearly Volume, coloured paper boards, 1s.; cloth boards 1s. 6d.

.. vspace:: 6

.. pgfooter::
